feat(pipe): implement pipe function with documentation and tests (#88)
fullstacksjs/toolbox: docs/pages/function/pipe.mdx

# pipe

> Composes multiple functions from left to right. Each function receives the output of the previous one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes an initial value and applies each function to the result of the previous one.
```
